Object of the game is to get the number of points as close as possible to 21.

BLACKJACK is only when a plyer or dealer has 21 points inthe first two cards.

If you will receievd 21 points in 3 or more cards IT IS NOT BLACKJACK!

BLACKJACK always win with 21 pts in 3 or more cards!!!!

Punctation: 
1. Cards from two to ten have a value equal to the number of the card
2. The Jack, Queen and King are worth 10 points
3. The ace is worth 1 or 11, whichever is better for the player. (For dealer it is
always 11 unless, he has 2 aces at the start, then 1st is worth 11 and 2nd is worth 1.

Bets:
Imagine you bet $100. If you win, you get your original $100 bet back, plus the dealer gives you $100.
If you draw you keep your bet money. And if you get blackjack, you get
your original $100 bet back, plus $150 from the dealer because for blackjack,
you get 1.5 times your bet. In case of lose - you are losing your bet.

Start of a game:
The dealer starts the game by giving two cards. The dealer's
hand always has one card face-up and a card face-down.

Player options:
Hit - if you want another card to gain a number of points as close as possible to 21,

Stand - if you don't want another card,

Split - if you are dealt two cards with equal value(only allow splitting of ten-value cards if they’re the same rank,
for example: splitting a 10-10 hand is fine, but not a jack-queen hand), you may “split” them into two separate hands.
You are now playing two hands and must match your initial wager for the new, second hand!
The two hands must be played separately completing the first hand before going on to the second.

Doubling Down- You may increase your bet by “doubling down.” After receiving your first two cards,
you may “double down” by increasing your bet up to the amount of your original bet,
receiving only one additional card. You may “double down” on any two cards except
for a natural Blackjack.

Insurance - If, during the course of play, the dealer's face-up card is an ace, the player may assume
that the second (down) card is worth 10 points and the dealer has blackjack. Then player can play insurance.
Player has to pay for insurance 1/2 of bet amount.
If the dealer has a Blackjack you lose your original bet, but you are paid 2 to 1 on your insurance.
If the dealer doesn’t have a Blackjack, your original bet remains in play and only the insurance bet loses.


Dealer options:
The dealer's rules of play are predetermined!
If the amount of his points is under 17 he has to hit next card.
If the number of points is equal to 17 or more, then he has to stand.


Results:

A player wins when one of the following occurs:

The player scores blackjack (an ace and one of the cards worth 10 points) and the dealer does not.
The player has 21 or less points and the dealer exceeds that number.
Both are below 21 points, but the player is closer to the target number.
In other cases, there is either a tie (the same number of points) or the player loses.